docs/source/index.rst, before:


Security token documentation
============================

Here is a documentation for TokenMarket Security Token.

``sto`` open source project provides a command line tool and Python library to manage and integrate security tokens.

Operations include e.g.

* Issue out new stock series as security tokens

* Distributing shares to primary market investors

* Printing out cap table

* Managing bad transactions and lost privat keys

* Paying dividends and interest

* Delivering voting ballots

* Maintaining audit logs of delivered actions

The command line tool is locally installed via Docker and available for Windows, OSX and Linux.

New to tokens and securities? `Read an introduction for security tokens <https://tokenmarket.net/news/security-tokens/what-are-security-tokens/>`_

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Contents

   install
   setup
   issuance
   broadcast
   token-summary
   distribute
   scanner
   captable
   erc-20-holders
   etherscan
   protocols
   command-line-reference
   dev

Links
=====

`TokenMarket website <https://tokenmarket.net>`_

`Documentation <https://docs.tokenmarket.net/>`_

`Github Source code and issue tracker <https://github.com/tokenmarketnet/sto>`_

`Support and chat <https://gitter.im/security-token/Lobby>`_

`Docker releases <https://hub.docker.com/r/miohtama/sto/>`_

`Python releases <https://pypi.org/project/sto/>`_

`Smart contracts repository <http://github.com/tokenmarketnet/ico>`_

`Change history <https://github.com/TokenMarketNet/sto/blob/master/CHANGES.rst>`_

Commit message:

Changing title to Security Token Manager

docs/source/index.rst, after:


Security Token Manager documentation
====================================

Here is a documentation for TokenMarket Security Token Manager. Security Token Manager is an open source project that provides a command line tool and API library to interact and integrate security tokens to your business systems.

Security Token Manager provides technical operations for corporate governance including e.g.

* Issue out new stock series as security tokens

* Distributing shares to primary market investors

* Printing out cap table

* Managing bad transactions and lost privat keys

* Paying dividends and interest

* Delivering voting ballots

* Maintaining audit logs of delivered actions

The command line tool is locally installed via Docker and available for Windows, OSX and Linux. The API is written in Python programming language.

New to tokens and securities? `Read an introduction for security tokens <https://tokenmarket.net/news/security-tokens/what-are-security-tokens/>`_

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
   :caption: Contents

   install
   setup
   issuance
   broadcast
   token-summary
   distribute
   scanner
   captable
   erc-20-holders
   etherscan
   protocols
   command-line-reference
   dev

Links
=====

`TokenMarket website <https://tokenmarket.net>`_

`Twitter <http://twitter.com/tokenmarkett>`_

`Documentation <https://docs.tokenmarket.net/>`_

`Github Source code and issue tracker <https://github.com/tokenmarketnet/sto>`_

`Support and chat <https://gitter.im/security-token/Lobby>`_

`Docker releases <https://hub.docker.com/r/miohtama/sto/>`_

`Python releases <https://pypi.org/project/sto/>`_

`Smart contracts repository <http://github.com/tokenmarketnet/ico>`_

`Change history <https://github.com/TokenMarketNet/sto/blob/master/CHANGES.rst>`_
